docs: add move-node-button documentation (#335)
ueberdosis/tiptap-docs: src/content/ui-components/components/move-node-button.mdx

---
title: Move Node Button
meta:
  title: Move Node Button | Tiptap UI Components

>   description: Move selected nodes and blocks up or down in Tiptap editors with keyboard shortcuts, intelligent selection handling, and accessibility support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Move selected nodes and blocks up or down in the Tiptap editor with keyboard shortcuts, intelligent selection handling, and accessibility support.
```
